in motion of no less celerity than that of thought.
Suppose that you have seen the well-appointed king
at Hampton pier embark his royalty
and his brave fleet with silken streamers
the young Phoebus fanning.
Play with your fancies,
and in them behold upon the hempen tackle
ship boys climbing.
Hear the shrill whistle
which doth order give to sounds confused.
Behold the threaden sails,
borne with the invisible and creeping wind,
draw the huge bottoms through the furrowed sea,
breasting the lofty surge.
Oh, do but think you stand upon the rivage
and behold a city
on the inconstant billows dancing,
for so appears this fleet majestical,
holding due course to Harfleur.
Follow, follow.
Grapple your minds to sternage of this navy,
and leave your England, as dead midnight still,
guarded with grandsires, babies, and old women,
either past or not arrived at pith and puissance,
for who is he whose chin
is but enriched with one appearing hair,
that will not follow
these culled and choice-drawn cavaliers
to France?
Work, work your thoughts,
and therein see a siege.
Behold the ordnance on their carriages,
with fatal mouths gaping on girded Harfleur.
Suppose the ambassador from the French comes back,
tells Harry that the king
doth offer him Katharine his daughter
and with her, to dowry,
some petty and unprofitable dukedoms.
The offer likes not,
and the nimble gunner
with linstock now the devilish cannon touches,
and down goes all before them.
Still be kind,
and eke out our performance with your mind.
Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more!
Or close the wall up with our English dead!
In peace, there's nothing so becomes a man
as modest stillness and humility.
But when the blast of war blows in our ears,
then imitate the action of the tiger.
Stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood,
disguise fair nature with hard-favored rage.
Then lend the eye a terrible aspect.
Let it pry through the portage of the head
like the brass cannon!
Let the brow o'erwhelm it as fearfully
as doth a galled rock o'erhang and jutty his confounded base,
swilled with the wild and wasteful ocean.
Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide,
hold hard the breath,
and bend up every spirit to his full height!
On, on, you noblest English,
whose blood is fet from fathers of war proof.
Fathers that, like so many Alexanders,
have in these parts from morn till even fought
and sheathed their swords for lack of argument.
Dishonor not your mothers!
Now attest that those whom you called fathers
did beget you.
Be copy now to men of grosser blood,
and teach them how to war.
And you, good yeomen,
whose limbs were made in England,
show us here the mettle of your pasture.
Let us swear that you are worth your breeding,
which I doubt not,
for there is none of you so mean and base
that hath not noble luster in your eyes.
I see you stand like greyhounds in the slips,
straining upon the start.
The game's afoot.
Follow your spirit,
and upon this charge cry,
"God for Harry,
"England,
and Saint George!"
On!
To the breach!
Pray thee, Corporal, stay!
The knocks are too hot!
And, for mine own part, I have not a case of lives.
The humor of it is too hot.
That's the very plainsong of it.
Plainsong is most just, for humors do abound.
"Knocks go and come.
"God's vassals drop and die,
"and sword and shield, in bloody field,
doth win immortal fame!"
Would I were in an alehouse in London.
I would give all my fame for a pot of ale and safety.
And I.
"If wishes would prevail with me,
"my purpose should not fail with me,
but thither would I hie."
"As duly, but not as truly,
as bird doth sing on bough."
Up to the breach, you dogs!
Avaunt, you cullions!
Be merciful, great Duke, to men of mold.
Abate thy rage!
Abate thy manly rage!
Bate thy rage, great duke!
Good bawcock, bate thy rage!
Use lenity, sweet chuck!
These be good humors.
Your honor wins bad humors.
Ah!
As young as I am,
I have observed these three swashers,
and I am boy to them, all three.
but all they three,
though they would serve me,
could not be man to me,
for indeed, three such antics do not amount to a man.
For Bardolph,
he is white-livered and red-faced.
The means whereof, he faces it out but fights not.
For Pistol,
he hath a killing tongue and a quiet sword.
The means whereof,
he breaks words and keeps whole weapons.
For Nym,
he have heard that men of few words
are the best men
and therefore scorns to say his prayers
lest he should be thought a coward.
But his few bad words
are matched with as few good deeds.
He never broke any man's head but his own,
and that was against a post when he was drunk.
They will steal anything and call it purchase.
Bardolph stole a lute case,
bore it 12 leagues, and sold it for 3 halfpence.
Nym and Bardolph are sworn brothers in filching,
and in Calais, they stole a fire shovel.
I knew by that piece of service the men would carry coals.
They would have me familiar with men's pockets
as their gloves or handkerchiefs,
which makes much against my manhood
if I should take from another's pocket
to put into mine own,
for it is plain pocketing up of wrongs.
I must leave them and seek some better service.
Their villainy goes much against my weak stomach,
and therefore, I must cast it up.
Captain Fluellen,
you must come presently to the mines.
The Duke of Gloucester would speak with you.
To the mines?
Tell you the duke
it is not so good to come to the mines.
The mines is not according to the disciplines of the war.
The concavities of it is not sufficient.
The adversary, you may discuss unto the duke, look you now,
is digged himself 4 yard under the countermines.
By Cheshu, I think he will blow up all
if there is not better direction.
The Duke of Gloucester,
to whom the order of the siege is given,
is altogether directed by an Irishman...
a very valiant gentleman, i' faith.
It is Captain Macmorris, is it not?
I think it be.
By Cheshu!
He is an ass as in the world!
I will verify as much in his beard.
He has no more directions
in the true disciplines of the war,
the Roman disciplines,
than is a puppy dog.
Here a' comes now,
and the Scots captain, Captain Jamy, with him.
Captain Jamy is a marvelous valorous gentleman,
that is certain,
and of great expedition and knowledge in the aunchient wars,
upon my particular knowledge of his directions.
By Cheshu,
he will maintain his argument
as well as any military man in the world
in the disciplines
of the pristine wars of the Romans.
I say good day to you, Captain Fluellen.
God-den to your worship, good Captain James.
How now, Captain Macmorris?
Have you quit the mines?
Have the pioneers given o'er?
By Chrish, la'!
'Tish ill done!
The work is give over.
The trumpet sound the retreat.
By my hand, I swear, and my father's soul,
the work is ill done.
'Tis give over.
I would have blowed up the town,
so Christ save me, la', in an hour.
Oh, 'tish ill done.
'Tish ill done.
By my hand, 'tish ill done.
Captain Macmorris...
I beseech you, will you vouchsafe me
a few disputations with you
as touching or concerning the disciplines of the war,
the Roman wars,
in the way of argument and friendly communication?
Partly to satisfy my opinion
and partly also for the satisfaction,
look you, of my mind,
as touching the directions of the military discipline?
That is the point.
It shall be very good, good faith,
good captains bath.
and I shall quit you with good love,
as I may pick occasion.
And that shall I, marry.
It is no time to discourse, so Christ save me.
The day is hot--
and the weather and the wars
and the king and the dukes.
It is no time to discourse!
The town is beseeched,
and the trumpet call us to the breach,
and we talk and, be Christ, do nothing!
'Tis shame for us all, so God save me.
'Tis shame to stand still.
'Tis shame, by my hand.
And there is throats to be cut and works to be done.
And there is nothing done, so Christ save me, la'!
By the mess,
ere these eyes of mine take themselves to slumber,
I'll do good service,
or I'll lig i' the ground for it.
Aye, or go to death.
But I'll pay it as valorously as I may,
that shall I surely do, that at the brief and the long.
Marry, I'd full fain heard some question 'tween you tway.
Captain Macmorris,
look you, under your correction,
I do not think there is not many of your nation.
Nation?
Of my nation?
What is my nation?
Ish a villain?
And a bastard?
And a knave?
And a rascal?
What is my nation?
Who talks of my nation?
Look you, if you take the matter otherwise than is meant,
Captain Macmorris,
peradventure I shall think you do not use me
with that love and affability
as in discretion you ought to use me, look you,
being as good a man as yourself
both in the disciplines of the war
and in the derivation of my birth
and in other particularities.
I do not know you so good a man as myself.
So Christ save me,
I will cut off your head!
Gentlemen both, you will mistake each other!
Aye, a foul fault.
The town sounds a parley.
Captain Macmorris,
when there is more better opportunity
to be required, look you,
I will be so bold as to tell you
I know the disciplines of the war.
And there is an end.
How yet resolves the governor of the town?
This is the latest parle we will admit.
Therefore, to our best mercy give yourselves,
or, like to men proud of destruction,
defy us to our worst,
for as I am a soldier,
a name that in my thoughts becomes me best,
if I begin the battery once again,
I will not leave the half-achieved Harfleur
till in her ashes she lie buried.
The gates of mercy shall be all shut up,
and the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart,
in liberty of bloody hand
shall range with conscience wide as hell,
mowing like grass
your fresh fair virgins and your flowering infants.
What say you?
Will you yield and this avoid
or, guilty in defense, be thus destroyed?
Our expectation hath this day an end.
The dauphin, whom of succors we entreated,
returns us that his powers are not yet ready
to raise so great a siege.
Therefore, great King,
we yield our town and lives to thy soft mercy.
Enter our gates.
Dispose of us and ours,
for we no longer are defensible.
Open your gates.
Come, Uncle Exeter,
go you, and enter Harfleur.
There remain,
and fortify it strongly 'gainst the French.
And use mercy to them all.
For us, dear Uncle,
the winter coming on
and sickness growing upon our soldiers,
we will retire to Calais.
Tonight in Harfleur will we be your guest.
Tomorrow for the march are we addressed.
Alice, tu as ete en Angleterre, et tu parles bien le langage.
Un peu, madame.
Je te prie, m'enseignez.
Il faut que j'apprenne a parler.
Comment appelez-vous la main en anglais?
La main?
Elle est appelee de hand.
De hand.
Et les doigts?
Les doigts? Ma foi, j'oublie les doigts.
Mais je me souviendrai.
Les doigts?
Je pense qu'ils sont appeles de fingres.
Oui, de fingres.
La main, de hand.
Les doigts, de fingres.
Je pense que je suis le bon ecolier.
J'ai gagnee deux mots d'anglais vitement.
Comment appelez-vous les ongles?
Les ongles?
Nous les appelons de nails.
De nails.
Ecoutez.
Dites-moi si je parle bien.
De hand,
de fingres,
et de nails.
C'est bien dit, madame.
Il est fort bon anglais.
Dites-moi l'anglais pour le bras.
De arm, madame.
De arm.
Et le coude?
De elbow.
Oui.
Je m'en fais la repetition de tous les mots
que vous m'avez appris des a present.
Il est trop difficile, madame, comme je pense.
Excusez-moi, Alice.
Ecoutez.
De hand,
de fingres,
de nails,
d'arma,
de bilbow.
D'elbow, madame.
Oh, Seigneur Dieu, je m'en oublie.
D'elbow.
Comment appelez-vous le col?
De nick, madame.
De nick.
Et le menton?
De chin.
De sin.
Le col, de nick.
Le menton, de sin.
Oui, sauf votre honneur, en verite,
vous prononcez les mots
aussi droit que les natifs
d'Angleterre.
Je ne doute point d'apprendre,
par la grace de Dieu, et en peu de temps.
N'avez-vous pas deja oublie ce que je vous ai enseigne?
Non, je reciterai a vous promptement.
De hand,
de fingres,
de mails--
De nails, madame.
De nails,
d'arm,
de ilbow.
Sauf votre honneur, de elbow.
Ainsi dis-je.
De elbow,
de nick,
de sin.
Comment appelez-vous le pied et la robe?
Le foot et le coun.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, Seigneur Dieu.
Ce sont mots de son mauvais, corruptible, gros, et impudique,
et non pour les dames d'honneur d'user.
Je ne voudrais prononcer ces mots devant
les seigneurs de France pour tout le monde.
Foh.
Le foot et le coun.
Neanmoins, je reciterai
une autre fois ma lecon ensemble.
De hand,
de fingres,
de nails,
d'arm,
de elbow...
de nick,
de sin,
de foot,
et le coun.
Excellent, madame.
C'est assez pour une fois.
Allons-nous a diner.
'Tis certain he has passed the river Somme!
And if he be not fought withal, my lord,
let us not live in France.
Let us quit all
and give our vineyards to a barbarous people.
Oh, Dieu vivant.
Shall a few sprays of us,
the emptying of our fathers' luxury,
our scions put in wild and savage stock,
spurt up so suddenly into the clouds
and overlook their grafters?
Normans, but bastard Normans!
Norman bastards!
Mort de ma vie!
If they march along unfought withal,
but I will sell my dukedom
to buy a slobbery and a dirty farm
in that nook-shotten isle of Albion!
By faith and honor,
our madams mock at us
and plainly say our mettle is bred out,
and they will give their bodies to the lust of English youth
to new-store France with bastard warriors.
Where is Montjoy the herald?
Speed him hence!
Let him greet England with our sharp defiance.
Up, princes,
and with spirit of honor
edged more sharper than your swords,
hie to the field.
Bar Harry England that sweeps through our land
with pennons painted in the blood of Harfleur.
Go down upon him-- you have power enough--
and in a captive chariot into Rouen,
bring him our prisoner.
This becomes the great.
Ha!
Sorry am I his numbers are so few,
his soldiers sick and famished in their march,
for I am sure, when he shall see our army,
he'll drop his heart into the sink of fear
and for achievement offer us his ransom.
Therefore, Lord Constable, haste on Montjoy,
and let him say to England that we send to know
what willing ransom he will give.
Prince Dauphin, you shall stay with us in Rouen.
Not so, I do beseech Your Majesty.
Be patient, for you shall remain with us.
Now forth, Lord Constable and princes all,
and quickly bring us word of England's fall.
Aye!
How now, Captain Fluellen.
Come you from the bridge?
I assure you,
there is very excellent services committed at the bridge.
Is the Duke of Exeter safe?
The Duke of Exeter is as magnanimous as Agamemnon
and a man that I love and honor with my soul and my heart
and my duty and my life and my living
and my uttermost power.
He is not-- God be praised and blessed--
any hurt in the world
but keeps the bridge most valiantly,
with excellent discipline.
There is an aunchient lieutenant there at the bridge.
I think in my very conscience now
he's as valiant a man as Mark Antony,
and he is a man of no estimation in the world,
but I did see him do as gallant service.
What do you call him?
He is called Aunchient Pistol.
I know him not.
Captain!
Here is the man.
I thee beseech to do me favors.
The Duke of Exeter doth love thee well.
Aye, I praise God.
I have merited some love at his hands.
Bardolph, a soldier,
firm and sound of heart and of buxom valor,
hath by cruel fate
and giddy Fortune's furious fickle wheel,
that goddess blind
that stands upon the rolling restless stone--
By your patience, Aunchient Pistol.
Fortune is painted blind with a muffler afore her eyes
to signify to you that Fortune is blind.
She is painted also with a wheel
to signify to you, which is the moral of it,
that she is turning and inconstant and mutability
and variation.
And her foot, look you, is fixed upon a spherical stone
which rolls and rolls and rolls.
In good truth, the poet makes
a most excellent description of it.
Fortune is an excellent moral.
Fortune is Bardolph's foe and frowns on him,
for he hath stolen a pax and hanged must be,
a damned death.
Let gallows gape for dog,
let man go free,
and let not hemp his windpipe suffocate,
for Exeter hath given the doom of death
for pax of little price.
Therefore, go speak.
The duke will hear thy voice.
And let not Bardolph's vital thread be cut
with edge of penny cord and vile reproach.
Speak, Captain, for his life, and I will thee requite.
Aunchient Pistol, I do partly understand your meaning.
Why, then, rejoice therefore.
Certainly, Aunchient, it is not a thing to rejoice at,
for, look you, if he were my brother,
I would desire the duke to use his good pleasure
and to put him to execution,
for discipline ought to be used!
Die, and be damned.
And figo for thy friendship!
Why, this is an arrant counterfeit rascal.
I remember him now--
a bawd, a cutpurse!
I tell you what, Captain Gower.
I do perceive he is not the man
he would gladly make show to the world he is.
If I find a hole in his coat,
I will tell him my mind.
Hark you, the king is coming,
and I must speak with him from the bridge.
God bless Your Majesty.
How now, Fluellen.
Camest thou from the bridge?
Aye, so please Your Majesty.
The Duke of Exeter hath very gallantly
maintained the bridge.
The French is gone off, look you.
And there is gallant and most brave passages.
Marry, th' adversary
was have possession of the bridge.
But he is enforced to retire,
and the Duke of Exeter is master of the bridge.
I can tell Your Majesty, the duke is a very brave man.
What men have you lost, Fluellen?
The perdition of the adversary hath been very great--
well, reasonable great.
For my part, I think the duke hath lost never a man
but one that is like to be executed
for robbing a church,
one Bardolph,
if Your Majesty know the man.
His face is all bubukles
and whelks and knobs and flames of fire,
and his lips blows at his nose.
It is like a coal of fire,
sometimes blue, sometimes red,
but his nose is executed,
and his fire is out.
We would have all such offenders so cut off.
And we give express charge
that in our marches through the country,
there be nothing compelled from the villages,
nothing taken but paid for,
none of the French
upbraided or abused in disdainful language.
When lenity and cruelty play for a kingdom,
the gentler gamester is the soonest winner.
You know me by my habit.
Well, then, I know thee.
What shall I know of thee?
My master's mind.
Unfold it.
Thus says my king.
"Say thou to Harry of England
"though we seemed dead, we did but sleep.
"Advantage is a better soldier than rashness.
"Tell him we could have rebuked him at Harfleur,
"but that we thought not good
"to bruise an injury till it were full ripe.
"Now we speak upon our cue, and our voice is imperial.
"England shall repent his folly,
"see his weakness, and admire our sufferance.
"Bid him therefore consider of his ransom,
"which must proportion the losses we have borne,
"the subjects we have lost, the disgrace we have digested,
"which in weight to re-answer,
"his pettiness would bow under.
"To this add defiance,
"and tell him, for conclusion,
"he hath betrayed his followers,
whose condemnation is pronounced."
So far my king and master,
so much my office.
What is thy name?
I know thy quality.
Montjoy.
Thou dost thy office fairly.
Turn thee back,
and tell thy king I do not seek him now
but could be willing to march on to Calais
without impeachment,
for, to say the sooth,
though it is no wisdom to confess so much
unto an enemy of craft and vantage,
my people are with sickness much enfeebled,
my numbers lessened,
and those few I have
almost no better than so many French,
who when they were in health, I tell thee, herald,
I thought upon one pair of English legs
did march three Frenchmen.
Yet, forgive me, God, that I do brag thus.
This your air of France hath blown that vice in me.
I must repent.
Go therefore tell thy master,
here I am.
My ransom is this frail and worthless trunk,
my army but a weak and sickly guard.
Yet, God before, tell him we will come on,
though France himself and such another neighbor
stand in our way.
There's for thy labor, Montjoy.
Go, bid thy master well advise himself.
If we may pass, we will.
If we be hindered, we shall your tawny ground
with your red blood discolor.
So, Montjoy, fare you well.
The sum of all our answer is but this.
We would not seek a battle as we are,
nor as we are, we say we will not shun it.
So tell your master.
I shall deliver so.
Thanks to Your Highness.
I hope they will not come upon us now.
We are in God's hand, brother, not in theirs.
March to the bridge.
It now draws toward night.
Beyond the river, we'll encamp ourselves,
and on tomorrow bid them march away.
Tut; I have the best armor in the world.
Would it were day.
You have an excellent armor,
but let my horse have his due.
It is the best horse of Europe.
Will it never be morning?
My Lord of Orleans
and my Lord High Constable,
you talk of horse and armor?
You are as well-provided of both as any prince in the world.
What a long night is this.
I will not change my horse
with any that treads but on four pasterns.
Ca,
ha.
He bounds from the earth as if his entrails were hairs.
Le cheval volant, the Pegasus, chez les narines de feu.
When I bestride him, I soar,
I am a hawk.
He trots the air.
The earth sings when he touches it.
The basest horn of his hoof is more musical
than the pipe of Hermes.
He's of the color of the nutmeg.
And of the heat of the ginger.
It is a beast for Perseus.
He is pure air and fire.
And the dull elements of earth and water
never appear in him,
but only in patient stillness when his rider mounts him.
He is indeed a horse,
and all other jades you may call beasts.
Indeed, my lord,
it is a most absolute and excellent horse.
It is the prince of palfreys.
His neigh is like the bidding of a monarch,
and his countenance enforces homage.
No more, Cousin.
Nay, the man hath no wit that cannot,
from the rising of the lark to the lodging of the lamb,
vary deserved praise on my palfrey.
It is a theme as fluent as the sea.
Turn the sands into eloquent tongues,
and my horse is an argument for them all.
It is a subject for a sovereign to reason on
and for a sovereign's sovereign to ride on
and for the world, familiar to us and unknown,
to lay apart their particular function
and wonder at him.
I once writ a sonnet in his praise and began thus.
"Wonder of nature"--
I have heard a sonnet begin so to one's mistress.
Then did they imitate that which I composed to my courser,
for my horse is my mistress.
My Lord Constable,
the armor I saw in your tent tonight,
are those stars or suns upon it?
Stars, my lord.
Some of them will fall tomorrow, I hope.
Yet my sky shall not want.
That may be,
for you bear a many superfluously,
and 'twere more honor some were away.
Even as your horse bears your praises,
who would trot as well
were some of your brags dismounted.
Would I were able to load him with his desert.
Will it never be day?
I will trot tomorrow a mile,
and my way shall be paved with English faces.
I will not say so,
for fear I should be faced out of my way.
Yet I would it were morning.
I would fain be about the ears of the English.
Who will go to hazard with me for 20 prisoners?
You must first go yourself to hazard, ere you have them.
'Tis midnight.
I'll go arm myself.
The dauphin longs for morning.
He longs to eat the English.
I think he will eat all he kills.
By the white hand of my lady, he's a gallant prince.
Swear by her foot that she may tread out the oath.
He is simply
the most active gentleman of France.
Doing is activity,
and he will still be doing.
He never did harm that I heard of.
Nor will do none tomorrow.
He will keep that good name still.
I know him to be valiant.
I was told that by one who knows him better than you.
What's he?
Marry, he told me so himself,
and he said he cared not who knew it.
My Lord High Constable...
the English lie within 1,500 paces of your tents.
Who hath measured the ground?
The Lord Grandpre.
A most expert and valiant gentleman.
Would it were day!
Alas, poor Harry of England,
he longs not for the dawning as we do.
What a wretched and peevish fellow
is this King of England
to mope with his fat-brained followers
so far out of his knowledge.
If the English had any apprehension,
they would run away.
That they lack, for if their heads
had any intellectual armor,
they could never wear such heavy head-pieces.
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures.
Their mastiffs are of unmatchable courage.
Then shall we find tomorrow
they have only stomachs to eat and none to fight.
Now is it time to arm.
Come, shall we about it?
It is now 2:00,
but, let me see, by 10:00,
we shall have each a hundred Englishmen.
Now entertain conjecture of a time
when creeping murmur and the poring dark
fills the wide vessel of the universe.
From camp to camp through the foul womb of night,
the hum of either army stilly sounds
that the fixed sentinels almost receive
the secret whispers of each other's watch.
Fire answers fire,
and through their paly flames,
each battle sees the other's umbered face.
Steed threatens steed in high and boastful neighs,
piercing the night's dull ear.
And from the tents, the armorers,
accomplishing the knights,
with busy hammers closing rivets up,
give dreadful note of preparation.
The country cocks do crow,
the clocks do toll,
and the third hour of drowsy morning name.
Proud of their numbers and secure in soul,
the confident and over-lusty French
do the low-rated English play at dice
and chide the cripple tardy-gaited Night,
who, like a foul and ugly witch, doth limp so tediously away.
The poor condemned English, like sacrifices,
by their watchful fires sit patiently
and inly ruminate the morning's danger
and their gesture sad,
investing lank-lean cheeks and warworn coats,
presenteth them unto the gazing moon
so many horrid ghosts.
Oh, now, who will behold
the royal captain of this ruined band
walking from watch to watch, from tent to tent,
let him cry, "Praise and glory on his head,"
for forth he goes and visits all his host,
bids them good morrow with a modest smile
and calls them brothers, friends, and countrymen.
Upon his royal face, there is no note
how dread an army hath enrounded him,
nor doth he dedicate one jot of color
unto the weary and all-watched night,
but freshly looks and overbears attaint
with cheerful semblance and sweet majesty
that every wretch, pining and pale before,
beholding him plucks comfort from his looks.
A largess universal, like the sun,
his liberal eye doth give to every one,
thawing cold fear
that mean and gentle all behold,
as may unworthiness define,
a little touch of Harry in the night.
And so our scene must to the battle fly,
where--oh, for pity--
we shall much disgrace
with four or five most vile and ragged foils,
right ill-disposed in brawl ridiculous,
the name of Agincourt.
Yet sit and see,
minding true things by what their mockeries be.